[DOCS-3264] Add review OOTB rules section and modify query (#13466)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/integrations/guide/amazon-eks-audit-logs.md

Once Cloud SIEM is set up and configured, you can either create a new Cloud SIEM rule from scratch or export a query in Log Explorer to a new rule.

### Review Security Monitoring Rules

See out-of-the-box [Cloud SIEM detection rules][11] that are detecting threats in your environment. For more information on searching, editing, and cloning these rules, see [creating and managing detection rules][12].

### Create a new Cloud SIEM rule

> Navigate to the in-app [Rule Setup and Configuration][13] page to create a new rule. Follow the [Log Detection Rules][14] documentation to complete setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a rule, navigate to the in-app [Rule Setup and Configuration][13] page. To complete your setup, see the [Log Detection Rules documentation][14].
```

### Export a query to a rule in Log Explorer

> 1. In Log Explorer, create a query in the search bar. For example, filter by `source:kubernetes.audit @objectRef.resource:pods @objectRef.subresource:exec @http.method:create @http.status_code:[101 TO 299]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the Log Explorer, create a query in the search bar. For example, filter by `source:kubernetes.audit @objectRef.resource:pods @objectRef.subresource:exec @http.method:create @http.status_code:[101 TO 299]`.
```

1. Click the **Export** button and select **Export to detection rule**.

> 1. This feature exports your query and defines it in the second step of Log Detection rule setup. Select a detection method. In this instance, select **New Value**. For the Detect new value dropdown, select the attribute `@usr.name`. This will alert you the first time a user execs into a pod. After the first alert, Datadog won't alert on the same user again. Alternatively, to detect when these events exceed a user-defined threshold, use **threshold rule** for the detection method. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. This feature exports your query and defines it in the second step of the Log Detection rule setup. Select a detection method. In this instance, select **New Value**. Select the `@usr.name` attribute in the Detect new value dropdown menu. This alerts you for the first time when a user execs into a pod. After the first alert, Datadog won't alert on the same user again. Alternatively, to detect when these events exceed a user-defined threshold, use **threshold rule** for the detection method. 
```

> 1. Follow the [Log Detection Rules][14] documentation to learn how to complete the rest of the configuration of your new rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Follow the [Log Detection Rules documentation][14] to learn how to complete the rest of your rule configuration.
```
